Week 1
Collaborated with the team to determine key details such as features, deciding on project, and tech stack. 

Week 2
Wrote User Stories and Epics
Scaffolding for the Proposal
UI Flow diagrams 
Architecture diagram (Front-end)
Creating tickets for the backlog + sprint backlog

Week 3
UI Flow diagrams for further pages (market, summary, profile, stock details)
Estimating user stories and split them between sprints


Week 4
Login page and JWT token handling for authentication
Market page - material ui tables for the data display, google charts for graphs
Several meetings with backend team to figure out API schema and bug fixes.

Week 5
Presented demo A.
Facilitated retrospective and submitted corresponding report.

Week 6
Portfolio Page - filtering, pie graph for portfolio makeup, value calculations.
Refactoring Filter component, Search components, and StockTable components into their own files.
Market wide News Page
Hooking up the FE to the BE for Market Data and Portfolio Data
UI Consistency improvements for titles, buttons, divs

Week 7
Market page - hooking the FE to the BE for most active stocks, gainers and losers
Graph designs
Portfolio Page - working with BE to get the market data, editing and adding stocks now working
Real time search results for searching stocks by ticker in 'add stock modal' when editing portfolio. 

Week 8
News Page - Hooking up FE and BE for News homepage, individual stocks, and portfolio
Retro B facilitation and report
Organised a Demo B preparation meeting

Week 9
Finishing Up News Pages.
Bug Fixes across the website.
Error handling - Implemented error banners across our news, settings, portfolio, market pages.
Turns out there is another use case for tokens that we did not originally factor - refreshing tokens between sessions. 
Working on separate ticket to handle expiration of tokens - user is now automatically logged out when a token is expired.
Portfolio Health section - display the health of the portfolio to the user.

Week 10
Added tooltips & suggestions to the portfolio page. 
Added a glossary section into the education page.
Bug fixes for stock table.
Moving our 'what if I buy/sell now' functionality to the portfolio page.




